Edited because I should have asked a question to keep it here. So my question is: What was the marketing plan after creating the game? You have created a great game for sure, but what was the next step after completion?
Original post:
Not a question, just a comment. I love this style of game, I went to the website to see what its about and.... I cant tell right away. I study sales page conversions a fair bit in my line of work. I dont say this to be nasty, but rather to give you a little guidance.
This is the flow of the website:
Join the Kickstarter! - Umm.. you havent told me what it is yet
Battlestation Harbinger out now! on GPlay or App store - You still havent told me what it is.
News and announcements - You still haven't told me what it is..
Login - Login to what?
What is Battlestation... AAHH here we go. Ok, thats cool, I like Bab 5 and loved FTL. Lets play the video..
Umm, looks pretty primitive. OOH, this first video isnt the actual game but a early concept (which I dont care about, you might as a dev to show where you came from, but as a buyer I dont care, show me what I can have now). Scroll some more.
Ahh, finally a trailer of the game. Looks pretty cool. Again, loved FTL, reminds me a little of BSG which I also loved. Should I get First Contact or Harbinger? Oh, maybe I wont buy now because a new game is coming (there is a reason why Apple doesnt mention whats up next, because it hurts sales of the current model)
It took me all that to convert. You need to say what it is INSTANTLY, dont have what makes me want it half way down the page.
If your conversion rate is 2% of the total traffic, and you can raise that by just another 2% up to 4%, you essentially double your income.
In the copy of the App itself, Im reading the details trying to learn whether I want to press that "Buy Button" and instead you are telling me about your OTHER games. Make me convert on the one that I have my finger on the trigger. If I enjoy this one I'll get the others.
Its too much text in the description too, most people wont read that much. Instead have the key bullet points up high. IF I am interested I'll read more.
A developer mind generally shouldnt do marketing, they arent the same. I can tell you are a brilliant developer, but the marketing basics arent in place and its really letting you down.
Kickstarter campaign video takes 35 seconds to even start telling me what its about, most peoples attention spans arent that long.
I feel the text in the Kickstarter video isnt enough, its kind of telling me how to play a game that doesnt exist yet. Plus reading it in the bottom left makes me not watch the screen. TELL me why I should back this, what I am going to get, rather than teaching me how to play a non-existent game.
Tell me about you and your team, can I trust you to finish this? Kickstarter and unfinished games go hand in hand.
Your latest social media post is "The Kickstarter is looking dire". While it shouldnt work like this since its not what Kickstarter is about, but "noone wants to back a loser". I think: "Noone else is backing it, do they know something I dont know?", "This restaurant is empty, maybe there is something wrong with it? I'll goto the next one". Write about your successes and it makes you more attractive.
A few other conversion problems scattered all over the place, "Join the forums!" at the bottom of the page... but no link TO the forums unless I scroll all the way back up to the top.
Again, please take this as a little guidance rather than harsh criticism.
Edit: Wow this blew up. I dont want to take any glory away from OP, but this is actually my line of work. If people want paid advice/consultancy for me to check out your stuff, please send me a PM. My primary industry is IT as I run a site to help techs get more sales/customers/calls at Technibble.com[1]
